All right.
Welcome back.
It's me again.
Colts Yep same guy just stuck in this room recording alone talking to myself.
So we were talking about variables and data types in this section.
If you program before you've probably come across these topics because they are not unique to Python
but if you haven't they might sound like gibberish.
Don't worry we're going to go over all of it in this section.
So at the bottom I have a note that says mostly strings for now because when I say data types there's
really just going to be a quick video where I introduce data types and then mainly focus on one particular
type called the string and we'll revisit other data types as we go through the course.
All right.
So let's talk about our objectives.
There's kind of a lot for the section.
So if you're one of those people who just doesn't care then.
Go ahead skip to the next video.
But what we're covering the first thing is we don't understand how to assign and use variables.
So along with that what is a variable How do you sign it.
How do we use it.
Recall them we want to learn Python variable naming restrictions and conventions.
So what are the things you're not allowed to name variables and then also what are the things that you're
allowed to.
But you're kind of not supposed to because it's bad style then we're going to learn some of the different
data types available in Python.
So a quick overview.
We're going to learn why Python is called a dynamically typed language.
Then we'll focus on converting data types.
So if we have something of an integer for example how do we convert it to a float or the other way around
or what if for working with text and we want to convert that to a number.
Is that possible.
We're going to learn the ins and outs of strings.
So we're going to spend a couple of videos at the end of the section working with strings which is a
data type to hold words or text basically.
And then finally we'll build a silly little program that actually gets user input.
So it's can ask the user in the command line for now to supply some information that will take that
information and do something with it.
So to set your expectations it's not going to be revolutionary but it's a big step to have some interactivity
and some dynamic elements to our programs.
So right now all of our code does the same thing every time we run it multiplies two primes to and print
the answer out.
But now we can multiply two times three or four or five depending on what that user says.
So pretty exciting stuff.
But actually it is really important.
So that's really what we're covering in this section.
We're going to talk about variable's first up and then we're going to shift a bit to strings which we
use as a data type for variables but we'll get to all that.
So let's get started.